No hey guys welcome to my channel today
I'm gonna give you five tips on how to
practice your English every day for five
to ten minutes without any friction
because sometimes you're like I need to
practice English but I'd rather do this
this and that like clean my apartment so
the brochure shopping and stuff and you
forget to practice your English and you
need to practice daily so very easy tips
that worked for me worked when my
friends worked for our students continue
watching to learn them
tip number one comment on Instagram if
you go to my Instagram lingua marina
it's not about learning English it's not
about grandma it's not about idioms it's
not that overwhelming information it's
daily lifestyle stuff so I live in
America it's about your health so
starting a business it's about making
money it's about moving here look so
many topics that I cover which means you
learn a lot of new vocabulary you learn
how business works you learn how
blogging works and you actually have a
chance to interact with people in
comments and I think this is amazing
because I have people from all over the
world which means it's not like you're
commenting one two three one two three
which means it's not like you're
commenting on an American like forum
where you're afraid of making mistakes
because you think people gonna judge you
which they won't really but when you're
in this group of people who are not
English native speakers I think that
maybe have like 15 to 20 percent English
native speakers the rest are just people
from all over the world who use English
for life so I think it's amazing to
interact with people in comments so you
know everyday before you go to bed it
could be either my Instagram or it can
be like anyone you want to follow Gary
whatever just comment ask people stuff
because the most common problem in
English is that you understand what
people are talking about but you can not
reply in this case replying to my posts
you're actually working on your spoken
English as well cuz you're learning how
to structure your thoughts when you're
applying to something so this is tip
number one go ahead subscribe start
commenting and I always try to reply to
comments I try to do my best when I'm
not too busy so see you there tip number
two Google Calendar
this is something I've discovered when I
came to the US I wasn't really using
Google Calendar and I was surprised
people actually use Gmail here all the
time back in Russia everyone was using
like Microsoft Outlook or like bad or
whatever
everybody here is using Gmail and
they're using Google calendars and it's
really really easy to sync them with
other people like invite them to
meetings what I suggest doing is
starting Google key
and start writing everything down in
English in my case I used to plan
everything in a planner like a book but
the problem with the planner was if I
forgot it somewhere or if I'm traveling
and I don't want to take it with me I
can miss appointments and sometimes I
make appointments two months in advance
like if it's a daughter appointment or
something and you know Google Calendar
is something that sends you reminders
this stuff by the way this is not in
that when you see ads on my channel
you're gonna see like a big red sign
saying add this is not enough this is my
recommendation because they use Google
Calendar every day my assistant helps me
manage that I shared with my husband so
it's a really convenient and again
that's another tip for you to practice
English because today you make this
decision okay my counter is gonna be in
English I'm gonna write everything down
in English and this means you're
practicing every day because you're
doing something that you still have to
do manage your calendar tip number three
and this is actually one of the tips
that I'm giving in my new course
intermediate to advanced in thirty days
this is like a marathon where every day
you're gonna learn topics then you have
to know in order to become advanced in
English and I've done it together with
my friend Vania speaks amazing American
English she would never tell he's not
American but he's actually I'm not
American but he's accent is amazing and
he's an accredited ESL teacher so well
created is that he's giving you a lot of
like grammar related topics like
pronouns tenses that you have to learn
so what we've done in this course that
main is teaching you a lot of like
grammar and scientific stuff about
English like word order grammar verb
forums tenses and I'm doing like more
weekend stuff I'm teaching you how to
stop feeling shy about speaking English
I'm teaching idioms because you just
have to know them like let's call it a
day kill two birds with one stone like
all of that and I'm teaching you how to
practice English every day like spoken
English because this is the most common
problem you understand what people are
talking about but you cannot reply and
this is what I'm teaching you in this
course by the way we're giving $20 off
to everyone who enrolls in this course
within 24 hours again this is course
done
by me and mania the link is below this
is one of the best courses that we've
done so if you're stuck somewhere in the
middle like your intermediate and you're
like how do I get to advanced this is
your solution 30 days of intensive
English learning you're getting lectures
you're getting tests you're getting live
streams the link is below
I will see you there don't forget that
the discount expires in 24 hours so one
of the tips that I'm giving you there
practicing your spoken English right so
before you go to bed try to remember
everything that happened during the day
so forth see you I know spend two or
three minutes just remembering what
happened to you during the day so for
example today I woke up I made eggs for
breakfast I called my mom then I had a
call with a PR agent I'm looking for a
PR person to manage all of my like PR
activities by the way if your PR agent
reach out to me on Instagram then after
that I was supposed to sit down and show
these videos but I've actually realized
that was a mistake in my calendar and
I'm supposed to be at a 500 startups
office so I've rushed there I was half
an hour late but it was like two and a
half hour meeting so it was okay
we had a fireside chat with startups
with international startup so I came
here to Silicon Valley to explore it and
to try and raise some money and I was
giving them advice we're talking about
fundraise and we're talking about
investors met some amazing companies no
shutting this video and then I'm gonna
work on my like YouTube promotion course
and yeah I'm gonna make a post on
Instagram about firing clients not
firing employees firing clients so some
business related stuff how long did this
take me two minutes one minute of course
I'm advanced but if you're intermediate
it's gonna take three to four minutes
before I go to bed I would advise really
like doing this and this in your head
talking to yourself instead of writing
it down because again it's a different
kind of thing yes you're practicing your
English when you're writing things down
but if you're talking to yourself
it's almost
as if we were talking to somebody else
number four reading lyrics of the songs
that you like if you think that if
you're advanced you should understand
everything you're wrong
even Americans don't understand every
single song especially if it's a rap
song oh my god
couple days ago I was driving and I was
listening to the real Slim Shady please
stand up please stand up and I realized
the Sun actually makes sense because
when I was listening to it like three
years ago I didn't get a word but what
I've been doing in the past three years
is that when I would really like the Sun
I open its lyrics and I just read them
like once or twice they don't have to
learn them by heart but then he actually
gets some words you get some other
meaning that you didn't get before and
then the next time you hear this song
you're like oh this is what he's singing
about like boom five emcees rock them
the rock of the microphone when I was a
kid I thought it was wrecking my calf oh
never understood what they were talking
about super important so try that if you
really like a song go through its lyrics
underline words that you didn't
understand before pay some extra
attention to them and the next time
you're listening to it just remember all
of that that would improve your
listening really really well and the
last but not the least when you tune
your grocery shopping lists do them in
English you know why
I saw it like Oh welcome to America I'll
manage everything like that easy meat
milk but when it came to America and so
ground beef you know what I thought
I thought brown beef is like organic
beef because it you know walks in the
ground but ground beef can be known
organic it's just the way this meat is
processed another thing I asked Eman my
husband to get me some passion for juice
and I knew they had it like the juicer
eShop that we have next her house has it
but in Russian and in some languages
it's their passion for new same maracuya
which is also right but americans do not
understand merrick well like very few
americans would understand maria and he
said can I get miracle juice and they
told them there is no such juice and he
came back home because I am sorry they
didn't have it I'm like do you say
passion fruit or he said maracuya
he was like ouch I said Mary cool it's
just maybe you know when you use a
dictionary when you translate words and
you see what's the most common
translation you wouldn't do those
mistakes so you know just try and do all
your grocery shopping in English
cilantro I didn't know that when I came
here like arugula
I know quinoa what else is here sweet
peas like there are so many things then
you should have learned at school but
they don't teach you that at school we
teach you that on our intensive classes
because I think this is real English
this is something you can use the rest
is like yes you can use it but then you
have to learn it once again when you're
here that was it from me guys I hope
that was useful and my biggest hope is
that you start practicing right away is
that your finish here a day today with a
remembering what happened to you in
English and this is by the way this is
not an advice that comes purely from
like English language classes this is
something all the scientists recommend
you to improve your memory because a lot
of us actually forget what happened
during the day and this is so so helpful
just to remember whatever you've done in
the morning because when I was recording
this video I was like oh my god what did
I do in the morning cuz I already forgot
there's so many things that happened
you're in the day and it really improves
your memory so please please do that
lemon
how it works for you comment on my
Instagram posts and yeah I will see you
on Instagram of you know yet subscribed
to this channel hit the red button below
I will see you next week like this video
if you liked it and thank you so much
for commenting and see you soon bye
if you were wondering about the sounds
in the background this is the sky some
babysitting him for three months if you
think that he looks unhappy he's
actually really happy it's just the
eyebrows that he has make him look as if
he's a he's a set guy but he's really
happy so to a book nah he's just sleepy
but he's sleeping now but when I was
recording he was chewing his toys
she was eating everything and like
barking but now he's sleeping it wasn't
the best time to work the vision there
were talking about present Wars and he
loves me
you do you do you do you do love me hmm